<h1>Personal Log </h1>
<h2> My Assessments </h2>
<ul>
<li><h2>Friday 16th</h2>
    On friday my main assignment was to start
    giving form to the website, so the first thing to do
    was to create the main design variables, like typography
    colors, icon-style, font-sizes, font-rules, among others. All this information was posted on the <b>About</b> page. 
    <br>
    Then I started created the templates that are going to be uses all around de website by creating global stylesheets and creating components like the navbar and the footer, so my peers have an easier way to work (Also all the CDNs of bootstrap were added to all the html's)
</li>
<br>
<li><h2>Saturday 17th</h2>
    Saturday was a relaxed day, Only the <b>Sign Up</b> and the <b>Login </B>was made, and those pages are kinda similar so it was most make one an copy paste on the other page to finally add little changes.
</li>
<br>
<li><h2>Sunday 18th</h2>
    Lastly, my assessment this day was to check the pages of my peers in terms of design to keep all the site consistent. After checking the pages and make little design changes, I ended the day fixing little details on the responsiveness and creating the <b>Credits</b> page to give credit to all the authors of the paintings we used in this site.
</li>
<br>
<li><h2>Monday 19th</h2>
    To conclude this project, this day was all about fixing little details, and uploading the development log. 
</li>
</ul>
<h2>My Peers' Work</h2>
Working with my peers was chill, one of them already knew web development so made all his stuff quickly, the other one also knew a little bit and start learning by himself. We worked with git, so everybody could work by its time, at the beginning we had some merge problem, but later when we start diving task, those problems never happened again. Making it fast to work with them.