# Miguel Herrera personal Log

Rather than talking about each single commit, I will describe my work as a whole
as the commit history is on the Readme and git history. 

# Friday

The first day we began to work I created the repository and Braulio started developing
the structure of the site. He is a lot more experienced than me in the frontend (ux, bootstrap)
so he made the standar design css to follow in all the pages.

After checking what he had done and proposing how the website should be named and kind of feel, 
I finished for the day.

# Saturday

On saturday I dove into the code and started looking at what was missing, I worked in the gallery page, 
which was kind of an adventure. I had to find 40 photos for the gallery, and add each of the credits.
At first I did not care for the quality, until the site was almost unresponsive because of the size of the 
photos. Because of this I had to download the photos again in a low quality. Once that was set, I made the 
credits, however I had small mistake because I forced push to main, and I broked the timeline, so I reverted 
and lost all of my local repo.

Because of this I had to start again from 0.

# Sunday

Finally I finished the gallery, and repaired the git timeline. After that I fixed the links on the pages and
helped with the credits and overall page.

# Team Evaluation

I will be honest, I was not the one to work the hardest on the proyect, as my teamate Braulio developed the whole
page design. Nonetheless, I learned a lot from this experience as he has a lot of experience in the good practices
of html and css. It was a really good experience as we also got to experience git in a real environment, overall I
enjoyed the project very much.